-  during trade operations, setting buy/sell quantities is awkward. having to set target numbers manually and then execute the buy separately is clumsy. we want to be able to buy two different ways. in one path, the player just buys the amount they've set. in the other they're attempting to buy a specific amount that applies to that single transaction. we can then check during that transaction flow if they player had the energy and capacity to execute the buy order all on a focused display. right now that information is peppered across different info strings and the amount of inputs the player needs to perform just to do something like "buy 72 of x; oh wait I can't buy 72, I can only fit 60" is very high
- the energy economy for trading is "interesting". if I understand correctly, player spends from their tank, and the goods go into the cargo. when the player sells goods, the return goes into their tank. what happens if the energy return on the transaction is greater than the tank size? this also seems to restrict any transaction to the size of the traders tank; i.e. they couldn't ever buy more than 2000 energy worth of goods
- also, I think there's a flaw in our logic for energy trading. if a system is low on energy and wants more, it sets a higher price for the energy. but it needs to spend more than 1 energy to buy 1 energy. so when the sale price of energy in a system is high and you trade with that system, you end up starving the system of energy. you can't sell energy directly to non-energy producing systems under this system if my understanding is correct
- the economy loop itself is opaque and confusing. I can't figure out what the incentive is to produce higher tier goods. what do we use them for? what is the benefit?
- the player should have a shortcut to run the simulation until they reach their destination and then pause